Add option to override span events serialization (#4507)
DataDog/dd-trace-rb: docs/GettingStarted.md

| `tracing.log_injection`                                | `DD_LOGS_INJECTION`                                     | `Bool`                                | `true`                       | Injects [Trace Correlation](#trace-correlation) information into Rails logs if present. Supports the default logger (`ActiveSupport::TaggedLogging`), `lograge`, and `semantic_logger`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

> | `tracing.native_span_events`                           | `DD_TRACE_NATIVE_SPAN_EVENTS`                           | `Bool`                                | `false`                      | Forces the tracer to always send span events with the native span events format regardless of the agent support. This is useful to change the serialization format in agent-less setups.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: What do you mean by "regardless of the Agent support"?

```suggestion
| `tracing.native_span_events`                           | `DD_TRACE_NATIVE_SPAN_EVENTS`                           | `Bool`                                | `false`                      | Forces the tracer to always send span events with the native span events format, regardless of the Agent support. This is useful when you want to change the serialization format in Agent-less setups.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

Author: @maycmlee this feature is normally set to `true` or `false` depending on the agent support for the feature (we call the agent to check). But with this variable, we are overriding this behaviour, and skipping that agent check. This means we'll sent these Span Events in whatever format the environment variable configures, regardless if the agent supports it or not.

> | `tracing.native_span_events`                           | `DD_TRACE_NATIVE_SPAN_EVENTS`                           | `Bool`                                | `false`                      | Forces the tracer to always send span events with the native span events format, regardless of the Agent support. This is useful when you want to change the serialization format in Agent-less setups.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tracing.native_span_events`                           | `DD_TRACE_NATIVE_SPAN_EVENTS`                           | `Bool`                                | `false`                      | Forces the tracer to always send span events with the native span events format, regardless of whether the Agent supports it. This is useful when you want to change the serialization format in Agent-less setups.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```
